well yeah well I mean yeah yeah yeah
what I'm gonna give it a to what yeah I
know yeah it's gonna be right here is so
wait could you
I thought your mom said like nothing
like that no tensions about anything
has something changed well no you know
what boss
but you know what's going on look I just
want to make sure we're on the same page
do you want me to sit in the stool or
don't you
okay she rocks that anyway I said on the
phone she was saying some of the old
ladies in the nursing home they were
feeling kind of said I won't do
something nice you know always talking
about that
so for that I've seen freaking spots at
that I said some of my friends we go
there and we do you like the managers of
pioneers to you know snails are like
pretty thick yellow and nasty and they
got the fungus growing you know you got
fear about like people straight and then
you know you like yellow it you know
there's all those cool ones in the
bunions those beat-up not some guy today
and oh I see maybe you you doing the
skeletal something like death completely
skin on there you know
you know I just don't think it's working
you're sitting in the sometimes you're
not gonna understand the cities you may
not even agree with this yeah do you
didn't want me to sit here right well we
both can't sit here at the same time
each other mean weren't you
well it's you
yeah but you have to let me
okay fine
cool ships in the sea you do okay
you have to let go
yeah you just made a wrong decision